Here we are.
They're all ready, Fennekin.
[EXCITED]
Aah!
SERENA
'These are traditional
Pokémon sweet treats.'
‐ 'They're called Poké Puffs.'
‐ Poké Puffs, huh?
[EXCITED]
Do you want one, Pikachu?
There you go.
[HAPPY]
ASH
'People can eat them too,
right?'
Oh.
[CONFUSED]
‐ Ash, what's the matter?
‐ They're great!
That's the yummiest thing
I've ever eaten in my life.
Please don't scare me like that.
[EXCITED]
Can Dedenne please have one?
Sure.
[all gasp]
[HAPPY]
CLEMONT/BONNIE/SERENA
Huh?
ASH
'What?'
[HAPPY]
♪ I wanna be the very best ♪
♪ Like no one ever was ♪
♪ To catch them
is my real test ♪
♪ To train them is my cause ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ Gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ It's you and me ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ I know it's my destiny ♪
♪ Yeah you're my best friend ♪
♪ In a world we must defend ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ Gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH
"A battle by any other name."
NARRATOR
Following Ash's second Kalos
Gym battle win
in Cyllage City
our Heroes are enjoying
Serena's fresh baked
Poké Puffs.
Now, they seem
to have company.
[HAPPY]
No!
[groans]
POKEDEX
Slurpuff. The Meringue Pokémon.
'Slurpuff's keen sense of smell
is especially sensitive'
'much more than people's.'
You see, Slurpuff thinks your
Poké Puff tasted decent enough.
[groans]
What does that mean?
Who are you?
I'm Miette. And this is
my partner, Slurpuff.
My name's Ash.
This is my partner, Pikachu.
[EXERTION]
And I'm Serena.
‐ Clemont's my name.
‐ I'm Bonnie.
[EXERTION]
Since my Slurpuff ate
some of your Poké Puffs
how would you like to try
some of the best?
Yes, please.
I want one.
[EXCITED]
‐ I do, too.
‐ Thank you, but I'll pass.
MIETTE
'Here you are. Enjoy.'
'For Pikachu, a spicy
Tamato Berry‐topped Poké Puff.'
'And a sweet Oren Berry‐topped
Poké Puff for Dedenne. '
[HAPPY]
[EXCITED]
I want to try that!
Wait. But that's..
[screams]
Hot.
Aw, that didn't taste good.
What was it?
That was for Fire‐types.
Poké Puffs are made for Pokémon
so they're not all going
to taste good to people.
Like that one.
All Poké Puffs are baked
with particular Pokémon in mind.
Hey, I make them like that, too.
Of course you can. That's
Poké Puff basics. Poké Puff 101.
What's with the attitude?
[both grunting]
Calm down, you two.
There's no reason to be mad.
‐ Hmph.
BONNIE
'Why not have a bakeoff?'
What was that, Bonnie?
There's a Poké Puff Contest.
The first round's today
and the final round's tomorrow.
Great idea.
I've never heard
of a Poké Puff Contest.
That's the reason I came here in
the first place. I'm competing.
We'll see
who the better chef is.
[both grunting]
Now, the preliminary round
of the Poké Puff Contest
'is about to get under way.'
'Contestants will compete
using their own'
'original Poké Puff recipes.'
I can hardly wait
to see all the Poké Puffs.
Ta‐da! The Poké Puff
base layers are finished baking.
Ah. They're so fluffy.
I could eat them
just like they are.
[CONTENT]
Now the next step.
Two kinds of delicious frosting.
These frostings
are my own original recipe
'and they're delicious.'
[gasping]
The topping goes on last.
'A great baker has to have
an eye for design.'
[AGREE]
Ta‐da! A Poké Puff topped
with a small twig for Fennekin.
Hmm. I'll wipe
the floor with her.
EMCEE
Alright, ladies and gentlemen,
we're now halfway through'
'the preliminary round's
allotted time'
'and all our contestants
are feverishly baking away.'
I'm seeing quite
an amazing array of Poké Puffs.
There's a lot of skill
on display this year.
[explosion]
Of course, there's always
an exception or two.
It's time to announce
the contestants
who'll be moving on to
our final round.
Joining us is Gena,
world class Poké Puff Patissier
and our Poké Puff Contest
head judge.
Hidden inside each Poké Puff
is one thing
the hope that it will bring
the hearts of people
and Pokémon closer together
than ever before.
An exquisite Poké Puff
is certain to make the bond
'between Trainer and Pokémon
even stronger.'
‐ Gena? Excuse me.
‐ Huh?
Huh?
I need you to take care
of my brother.
Bonnie, I told you to stop this
a million times.
BONNIE
'I hope you'll think about it,
please?'
CLEMONT
'Ignore her.
This is so embarrassing.'
Take care of her brother, huh?
So, Ash, do you already have
someone to take care of you?
Huh? What are you talking about?
Hmm..
Hmph.
I'm going to announce
the three contestants
who will move on
to the final round.
Only three of them? Wow.
I'm so nervous for you.
GENA
'Our first contestant
is Miette.'
No surprise.
GENA
'Next, the Berrybaker kids.'
Big brother, we made it.
Alright, let's win
with our sticky rice Poké Puffs.
[EXCITED]
GENA
'Finally, Serena.'
Huh?
Alright.
[EXCITED]
‐ You're in.
‐ Serena, that's wonderful.
Thank you.
But now it really begins.
GENA
'Our finalists are to come up'
'with a new original Poké Puff
recipe by tomorrow's round.'
'They'll also need
to start gathering up'
'the ingredients
they'll be using.'
[grunting]
That's it. On to the finals.
Knocked out of the race
at the starting gate.
And now we won't even get
to execute our brilliant plan
to catch every Pokémon
we can find here
after garnering the grand prize.
Yeah. We blew it, but good.
To think I was the Queen.
The top Poké Puff chef
for all of Team Rocket.
What's she talking about?
Beats the hat off of me.
When it came to Poké Puffs,
I was undefeated.
The title of Poké Puff Queen
will be mine forever.
[AGREE]
If I can't make my Poké Puffs,
no one can.
SERENA
'Do you have any berries left?'
Sorry. I'm completely sold out.
[SAD]
What do I do?
I'm afraid you'll have go
to another shop.
How can I bake Poké Puffs
if I can't find
the right ingredients?
Are they sold out, too?
Every berry shop in town
is out of berries.
‐ Are you sure?
‐ Huh.
I wonder if this is on purpose.
Is this your fault?
Why would I do such a thing?
Maybe the forest
will have berries.
[AGREE]
Good idea. Let's all go
to the forest and look.
[AGREE]
SERENA/MIETTE
Yeah. Let's go look.
‐ Hm.
‐ Hmph.
I don't see any.
But how can that be?
This wasn't from natural causes.
Someone's sabotaging
the contest.
Who would do such a bad thing?
[CONFUSED]
I wonder.
I'll go see
if I can find something.
[FOCUSED]
Serena!
Being frantic
isn't going to help.
I guess.
You have any ideas, Miette?
My Slurpuff can help us
figure this thing out.
If something sweet's in the air,
Slurpuff can find where it is.
So, finding berries
should be a piece of cake.
[AGREE]
Will you do that for us?
[EXCITED]
[FOCUSED]
It says there are berries
this way.
Wow! Awesome!
[EXCITED]
[Serena screams]
‐ That was Serena.
‐ 'Help me!'
Serena!
[ANGRY]
Come on! What do you want?
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Slurpuff!
Please. Stay away!
Aah.
[EXERTION]
Fennekin, use Scratch, quick.
[STRING SHOT MOVE]
[PAINED]
Oh! Fennekin!
[screams]
‐ Oh.
‐ Serena!
Pikachu, use Thunderbolt!
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
[PAINED]
ASH
'You okay?'
Yeah, I'm fine.
Alright, who's that Pokémon?
POKEDEX
Swirlix.
The Cotton Candy Pokémon.
'Swirlix only eats sweets'
'making its fur
as sticky as cotton candy.'
They're so cute.
Maybe,
but now they're really mad.
[ANGRY]
How dare you suddenly
attack us like that?
Fennekin, use Flamethrower!
[FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
[EXERTION]
[gasps]
Why'd they attack you?
It's your fault
for letting your guard down.
Mm. I'm all sticky!
That's why there aren't
any berries in the forest.
The Swirlix
must've eaten them all.
[EXERTION]
That's not what Slurpuff thinks.
Well, how would it know?
MIETTE
'Slurpuff evolves from Swirlix,
so it knows how they behave.'
CLEMONT
'Then that must mean
the Swirlix, were angry
about something else.'
[EXERTION]
‐ It's telling us to follow.
‐ Let's go.
[EXERTION]
[FOCUSED]
It must have smelled something.
ASH/CLEMONT/BONNIE/MIETTE
Huh!
CLEMONT
'It's a dead end!'
How are we going to get
over that?
[CONCERNED]
Hey, I know. We'll all be able
to climb that cliff
if we work together as a team.
'Clemont, ask Chespin
to come out.'
I understand.
Now, Chespin, let's go!
[APPEARING]
‐ It's your turn.
‐ Right. Slurpuff, help us out.
[PSYCHIC MOVE]
Okay, Chespin, use Vine Whip
and lift us all up there.
[AGREE]
[VINE WHIP MOVE]
[CONFUSED]
[EXCITED]
[PROUD]
Alright, awesome job.
CHESPIN
[VINE WHIP MOVE]
‐ Thanks, Clemont.
‐ Chespin, you're amazing.
[CONTENT]
You were a big help.
Thanks, Chespin.
Oh, wow.
Huh! Look at that.
BONNIE
Lots of berry trees.
'I can't believe
how many there are.'
BONNIE
'Millions.'
DEDENNE
[EXCITED]
I'll make amazing
Poké Puffs with these.
They're delicious.
[AGREE]
‐ Already?
[FOCUSED]
What, Slurpuff?
[CURIOUS]
[SHOCKED]
Oh, no, not them again.
Something else is going on.
[SHOCKED]
What's that?
ASH
'You!'
Prepare for trouble,
who else would it be?
And make it double,
the same goes for me.
To protect the world
from devastation.
To unite all people
within our nation.
To denounce the evils
of bad cuisine.
To extend our reach
to the big berry scene.
‐ Jessie.
‐ And James.
Team Rocket blasts off
at the speed of light.
Surrender now or prepare
for a frantic food fight.
Meowth, that's right.
[AGREE]
‐ Who's that?
‐ Team Rocket.
[ANGRY]
We're taking over
the berry business.
It's all ours
as far as the eye can see.
Which means, your Twerpish
baking days are over.
And while we're at it,
we'll grab all of your Pokémon
and leave you with
a big windbag full of air.
Why you!
Well, it's no wonder we couldn't
find a single berry anywhere.
Now I understand
why the Swirlix were so angry.
Huh! Knowing the truth
won't set you free.
‐ Show them a thing or three.
‐ Leave it to me.
Check out my Robo Baby Buggy
Berry‐Robbing Swipe the Sweets
and Make Our Own Treats
Octillery Mark Three.
Huh!
That's such a creative name.
‐ You would think that.
‐ Ouch.
On the Pokémon side of things,
we'll grab Pikachu first.
[SHOCKED]
Pikachu.
Pikachu, use Thunderbolt.
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
Sorry, this machine
is guaranteed
Thunderbolt resistant.
Now, for the rest
of the Twerp's Pokémon.
PIKACHU
[FEAR]
Turn it up to ten!
No, Swirlix!
[FEAR]
[laughs]
How sweet it is.
Swimming in a sea of success.
Yes!
‐ Oh, the shame. Just kidding.
‐ Yup.
♪ We're just a sailing along
'cause we're strong ♪♪
WOBBUFFET
[AGREE]
Pikachu and Swirlix,
what can I do?
Hey, Clemont, does their machine
have any weak spot?
‐ Weak spot? Let's see.
‐ Hurry up!
Okay.
First off, it's a giant vacuum.
'It has to suck in air
in order to function.'
I've got it.
Seal their suction tube.
That will definitely stop
the airflow.
Great idea! I'm going!
‐ Stop the Twerp in his tracks.
‐ We're really cleaning up.
You can't stop me! Ah!
What are you, nuts?
[grunting]
Hang on. I promise I'll get
you guys out of there.
‐ Ash, no.
‐ Oh, wow, Ash is so brave.
‐ Careful, Ash!
‐ You can do it, Ash!
Huh?
[WORRIED]
Now's your chance.
Get out of there.
[DAZED]
ASH
'Pikachu! Swirlix!'
The engine overheated.
That stopped the machine.
We should attack now!
Fennekin, Flamethrower, go!
[FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
[screaming]
This could be a little bit
of a problem.
Little? We're going to explode.
Cut the small talk
and do something.
MEOWTH
Switching to exhaust!
[screams]
[SHOCKED]
Ow. Huh!
[FEAR]/[PAINED]
You okay, Pikachu?
Pikachu, Swirlix, you okay?
Snap out of it.
[SHOCK]
[HAPPY]
That's great. Swirlix.
I need you to help me out
by stopping that machine.
[ATTACK]
Leave us alone!
That's awesome.
Hey, Slurpuff, why don't
we help them out too?
[EXERTION]
Fennekin, use Flamethrower!
‐ Pikachu, use Thunderbolt.
‐ Slurpuff, use Energy Ball.
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
[ENERGY BALL MOVE]
‐ I still bake the best.
‐ We're all cooked.
Time to cool off.
JAMES/JESSIE/MEOWTH
There's nothing sweet
about blasting off.
‐ And we're doing..
‐ It..
Again!
[AGREE]
Yeah! Alright!
[EXCITED]
EMCEE
'And now,
we'll announce the winner'
of our fabulous
Poké Puff Contest.
Presenting our head judge, Gena.
Take it away.
GENA
'The Berrybaker kids
incorporated exotic flavors
in to their Poké Puff'
'creating a delicacy that
is comforting and innovative.'
'Using a Passho Berry
for her Poké Puff topping'
'Serena has created a delight
with flavor and a hint of heat.'
Fire‐types are sure
to love her Poké Puff.
'And finally,
Miette's Poké Puff'
'is made with cotton candy
and whipped cream'
'and topped
with a Tamato Berry.'
'Both Electric‐type
and Fairy‐type Pokémon '
'are certain to love
this presentation'
And now, the winner is..
I'm happy to announce..
The Berrybaker kids win it!
‐ Yes!
‐ Barrybakers rule!
[EXCITED]
I'm sorry Serena and Miette
both lost.
[AGREE]
There's always next time.
So, where are you going
from here?
I'm headed anywhere that
helps me make better Poké Puffs.
Next time I see you, my
Poké Puffs will be even tastier.
Mine, too.
Maybe this was all for the best.
Yeah.
[AGREE]
Serena! Got to go.
‐ Huh?
‐ Take care.
‐ One thing.
Huh?
Either you tell Ash
how you feel about him
or I'll tell him how I feel.
Don't say I didn't warn you.
NARRATOR Poké Puffs
make everyone happy
not to mention bring together
people with a love for baking.
Now, our Heroes are off
to Shalour City once again
as the journey continues.
[theme music]